FIX ignore nan values in partial dependence computation (#25407)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  are strings. Predefined categories encoded as bytes will no longer work
  with `X` encoded as strings. :pr:`25174` by :user:`Tim Head <betatim>`.

> - |Fix| NaN values are now ignored to estimate quantiles in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| NaN values are now ignored when estimating quantiles in
```

> - |Fix| NaN values are now ignored to estimate quantiles in

Reviewer: This change log entry is slightly different from the one below. Is it on purpose that they are repeated? If yes, I prefer this version to the one below.

  :func:`inspection.partial_dependence`. The implementation used to estimate quantiles
  changed from :func:`scipy.stats.mstats.mquantiles` to :func:`numpy.nanpercentile`

>   inducing a change of the grid used to compute the partial dependence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  leading a change of the grid used to compute the partial dependence.
```
